README.md, before:

# Mdbootstrap::Rails

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/mdbootstrap/rails`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

TODO: Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'mdbootstrap-rails'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install mdbootstrap-rails

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/mdbootstrap-rails.


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

modify README file and add CHANGE_LOG file

README.md, after:

# Mdbootstrap::Rails

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/mdbootstrap/rails`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

TODO: Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'mdbootstrap-rails'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install mdbootstrap-rails

## Usage


## Change Log

Current Version 0.1.0

This link listing [Change
Log](https://github.com/ggomagundan/mdbootstrap-rails/blob/master/CHANGE_LOG.md)

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Added some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT
License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
